Hi!

So this is my Marquette Computer Science's Senior Design class project.

MU ECS
  Ecs aims to give low-income minority area public school kids the chance to
  learn about computer science. Unfortunately, most computer science majors
  are white males and through the ECS program more people get exposed to what
  makes computer science cool and hopefully adds more awareness to these
  communities about how easy it is to do if you know what direction to go in!

  The final piece of the curriculum for the current ECS program is based on
  Lego MindStorms hardware, however it is way to expensive for these low income
  schools! Our replacement module costs only 45$ including an arduino leonardo!
  Our pcb board connects directly onto the Arduino which plugs into computers via
  USB. We also built Drag and Drop software based on MIT's scratch to allow students
  to do thinks like drag a loop block into the program, and turn on pin 4 LED on and
  then pin 4 LED off.
  After running that program one of the lights on the hardware turns on and off.

My responsibilities:

1) Build the hardware (no EE majors joined our group so I volunteered)
    Created preliminary schematics
    Created prototype on breadboard
    Used gEDA to create custom components
    Created footprints for all the pre-built & custom components w/ measurements
    Created PCB board design by importing components & creating traces
    Mfged!

2) Once it was manufactured me and another buddy on the team made the website!
    Other team mate made some of the html files and through a php function in one of those files ><

    I made the index.html file and the angular app/services

    A couple days ago I built the mean stack around the angular app so now we have a frontend!!

    Within the next few days I will be implementing roles in the User schema to facilate
    teachers requesting an admin role to view special content like solutions to projects.

      A) Teacher signs up and requests teacher status
      B) Email is sent to our administrator that someone requested something
          Teacher currently has a normal role assigned to him/her
      C) Administrator, with the superAdmin role, is presented with a dashboard
        where he can see newly signed up users requesting teacher status
            Each user in dashboard will have information provided by the teacher
            that they will use to authenticate whether the teacher is real or not
                Eg) School, special code, ect.
      D) When Admin clicks accept on a user's request the backend changes that user's
          role to teacher
      E) When users navigate to 'project solutions' pages they are authenticated before
          routing to ensure their role is teacher. otherwise redirect
